[
   '{"reviewerID": "A2GOAEF0ZRNG13", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Aaron", "helpful": [18, 50], "reviewText": "If I could rate this zero stars I would. A totally perverted view of the Story of Christ. A base film that totally panders to a bloodthirsty audience with short attention spans.  It\'s no wonder it was a hit. It offers nothing of the teachings of Christ to a novice. If you want to see a moving well made version of this story, seek out Pier Paolo Pasolini\'s The Gospel According to St. Matthew. Gibson is laughing all the way to the bank!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The Bible as action movie", "unixReviewTime": 1091923200, "reviewTime": "08 8, 2004"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A1PASRZ81DY9C", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Austin Somlo", "helpful": [1, 8], "reviewText": "Viewed: 5/14Rate: 15/14: The Passion of the Christ garnered a lot of attention in 2004, but I didn\'t get caught up in the hype or follow it for the slightest bit. Fast forward to ten years later, I was browsing through the library\'s shelf of movies that might strike my interest, and I saw The Passion of the Christ sitting there. So, I figured that I might give it a try. And I now wish that I never did and have regretted it. The thing with me, I don\'t watch movies made after the year of 2000 because almost everything I\'ve seen thus far does not resemble good cinema in any shape, form, or manner. So, I gave up and declared that I\'ll only watch movies made before the end of the year 2000. There is a strong reason in my declaration, and The Passion of the Christ reaffirms my stance. The film brings out the worst of everything. It\'s the fake acting. It\'s the constant overt melodrama in everything that the characters do, feel, think, or speak. It\'s the free-all ultra-graphic torture. It\'s the unrealistic depiction of what a human being is capable of. It\'s the impossibility of physics. It\'s the unmerciful pacing that moves slow like molasses in January. It\'s the vapid storyline that seems to convey nothing of substance or significance. Truly, The Passion of the Christ is a waste of my time. By the way, I saw Braveheart and thought of it a terrific entertainment, and thenceforth, I was so annoyed by the many borrowed techniques from it into The Passion of the Christ. All in all, what I saw and felt is The Passion of the Torture on both sides: mine and the film\'s.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A Ridiculous Waste of My Time.", "unixReviewTime": 1400284800, "reviewTime": "05 17, 2014"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A3MCC5MAJYJYMD", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Dhaval Vyas", "helpful": [5, 29], "reviewText": "\'The Passion of the Christ\' was one of the most controversial, famous, talked about films of the year 2004.  It was the cause for a lot of stir even before it was released.  Most people fail to realize all of that doesn\'t matter because Jesus Christ never existed!!  Jesus Christ is a mythological figure the church has exploited for hundreds of years and now the filmmaking industry has for almost a hundred years.  There is absolutely no archeological or historical evidence that Jesus Christ existed.  Even if he did exist, it would be highly unlikely he would have received that kind of punishment.It is a shame a con artist like Mel Gibson is using this mythological character to make millions of dollars.  People have to start swaying away from the manipulations of the church and the filmmaking industry and start looking at the hard facts.  The crucifixion of Jesus Christ never happened and the so-called messiah never existed.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Jesus Christ Never Existed.", "unixReviewTime": 1086912000, "reviewTime": "06 11, 2004"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A3H24XRXQBQY3O", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "dustin \\"dustin\\"", "helpful": [25, 70], "reviewText": "First of all I should make it clear that I was born a Christian, however I am not evangelical in that i don\'t try to \\"convert\\" people, and my personal philosophy shares more with the Unitarian church than any other.  That said, I thought this movie was disguisting.  There is nothing artistic about it.  Its not that I cannot handle violence, I have seen many violent movies, but this one was nothing BUT violence.  My local Lutheran pastor told our church that we should watch the Matrix Revolutions instead of The Passion, because the Matrix spends about 15 times as much on resurrection as the Passion does.  The movie is like a masochist\'s porno.  It did absolutely NOTHING to stimulate my faith or mind.  Saying that the message of this movie is love is DEFINATELY a stretch. People, the movie is 2 hours and some odd minutes of violence!  Where\'s the love??? Concerning the \\"anti-semetic\\" aspect, I do not think that this film was intentionally anti-semetic.  However it caused some of those types of reactions, for instance in Colorado a pastor at a church put up a sign on their billboard that said \\"the Jews killed Jesus!\\"Lastly, shame on the people that say that those who aren\'t moved or didnt like this film have some sort of lack of faith or open-mindedness.  Those types of judgments are themselves close-minded.  Coming to the conclusion that somebody cant have a faith focused on love and kindness due to the fact that they cannot sit through a 2 and a half hour bloodbath is beyond me.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The Passion", "unixReviewTime": 1082851200, "reviewTime": "04 25, 2004"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A34Y2NKL9QQREB", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Joshua J. Darrimon", "helpful": [18, 40], "reviewText": "I watched this movie many months ago and have thought about its violence, its intent and the historical context which Mel Gibson felt he was making the film.  A truely horrific film on many levels and I wish never to see it again.The film began wonderfully and even engaged me as I watched Jesus make the decisions he knew would take him down the path to his ultimate crucifiction.  However as the film progressed the story, beyond its interpretive problems, grew into a movie of violence. I felt ill watching beating after beating and dramatic fall after dramatic fall.  The realism although technically commendable was beyond gruesome and beyond reasonability.  The story was far overshadowed by Mel Gibson\'s almost pornographic interest in the visciousness of the experience.To bring a movie goer into the character\'s pain and visceral anguish is good film making but the level to which Mel Gibson goes takes away so much of the story of the crucifiction.  The suffering of Christ should be felt and felt soberly, but not to the outrageous degree that he takes the movie goer.This film that should not be seen.  Read your bible and take it in with your minds eye, its a better choice.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Oddly Pornographic", "unixReviewTime": 1100822400, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2004"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A1004AX2J2HXGL", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Lao Che", "helpful": [16, 35], "reviewText": "I cried when I saw The PASSION OF THE CHRIST - how could you not? I sat there and watched a man brutalized for two hours. Everyone around me was crying - it felt like we were all tuned in to the proceedings of a televised execution.  I was a little confused by the time it was all over & as I was leaving the theater, I was even more so: I saw parents walking out with their children.  Jesus Christ\'s teachings were left in the wings, the significance of his life locked out of the script almost entirely.  Hardly a first impression for young children.  The ONLY things I found at all interesting about the PASSION OF THE CHRIST: the use of the authentic languages from the time period (Latin & Aramaic) and the actors bringing this movie to life.  James Caviezel\'s performance in Terrence Malick\'s THE THIN RED LINE was simply mesmerizing, and he used a similar pallet of emotion for his performance here.  I was raised a Roman Catholic - so viewing the Stations of the Cross was nothing new to me.  To suggest this film version of that seasonal meditation is a \\"masterwork\\" - simply is absurd.So what WAS the point of this film, what were we to draw from its brutal imagery?  There was no inspiration in Mel Gibson\'s film for me, no arc of understanding - only suffering and death.  Which led me to consider their goal may have been to create a vivid emotional experience, intended to lift us out of numbness and inspire reflection on faith to get us through this life: televised warfare, beheadings on the internet, stories of sickness and shootings on the nightly news, etc.  Perhaps, but I don\'t think so.  A fleeting, knee-jerk reaction with some tears shed on queue, and then those emotions are safely placed back on the shelf until the next time.  Complicity and silence have always gone hand in hand: it\'s easy to damn this world, condemn what we see as different from our own huddled beliefs; allow selfishness and insincerity to decimate through clouds of frankincense and joyous hymns.  Salvation?  Maybe.The infamous THE LAST TEMPTATION OF CHRIST, directed by Martin Scorsese, is a \\"masterwork\\" of filmmaking. The film not only inspires the heart, but also prods the mind.  I could feel the breath of those images, allowing me to enter the world it created and truly feel something more than myself.  It was not an epiphany; it was a fresh view, it was an enlightened dream of another world, yet strangely our own.  The film didn\'t plague the audience with blood and horrors; it dramatizes the passion and relevance of the story.  I\'ve come to understand and believe Jesus Christ to be among the greatest teachers this world has known, who suffered the tortures of the damned to inspire his vision of peace, determination for truth and humility in us all - ideals that have taken a back seat to robotic, indignant servitude to skewed \\"moral\\" interests.The LAST TEMPTATION was based on the book by Nikos Kazantzakis - from which the filmmakers created a thoughtful, passionate re-examination of one of the greatest stories ever told.  Mr. Scorsese, in his youth, had almost joined the priesthood; but chose to explore and express his passion through the cinema.  I saw no blasphemy in his images - only a powerful film exploring faith in ourselves and the world.  Often cited as trash, garbage and against popular faith - this film truly offers a story of FAITH we can all profit from, regardless of what we believe.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "\\"Life beyond the thunderdome\\"", "unixReviewTime": 1105920000, "reviewTime": "01 17, 2005"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A3HA0A92FVYHOF", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Mr. Tickle Snort \\"Mr. Ticklesnort\\"", "helpful": [7, 17], "reviewText": "If you listened to Mel Gibson during all the pre-release hype, everyone wanted this film dead.  Today, it stands poised to out-gross TITANIC.  Gibon\'s \\"Mel Against the World\\" attitude was a brilliant marketing ploy that paid off well for Gibson.This review comes not from a left wing atheist; I am a proud Christian.  With all the controversy surrounding this film, I expected to feel something, after seeing it. I expected to feel appreciation, pain, disgust, or outrage, or to maybe even be offended.What happened was beyond my wildest imagination;  I left the theater thinking \\"Was that any good?\\"  After a while it hit me; after this film was over, I felt NOTHING.  Now I\'m not the most callous person in the world; I cried at the end of MIRACLE when the US beat the Soviet hockey team.  I even got misty eyed during THE RETURN OF THE KING.The violence in this film is way over the top, and just not realistic.  A man could not  stay conscious after loosing so much blood and being beaten with a cat of nine tails to the point where his ribs are exposed. Some would say \\"He\'s the son of man- he could do anything.\\"  Yes he could- if he chose to.  But God created him to respond to pain as a human would respond.  That means he would have passed out after about ten or so lashes.  Therefore, those whipping scenes have less to do with reality than some sick fetish of Mel Gibson.Many people say that after awhile, you become \\"numb\\" to the violence in this film.  For me, it was actually worse than that; it became downright boring.  As with everything in this film, its drastically overdone, to the point of having no effect at all.As much as I hate to admit it, the film\'s most engaging character is Satan.  Maybe because he\'s the ONLY character who isn\'t screaming, crying, and/ or yelling and waving his fists in the air. His silent gaze has more potency than any hissing screaming or nashing of teeth.James Caviezal\'s performance as Jesus is another example of the film\'s over-reaching nature.  In every frame of the film, he is so obviously ACTING, that we don\'t see Christ- we see Caviezal breaking his back trying to get an Oscar nod.  Even the bullying musical score seems to scream a subliminal message; THIS IS THE BE ALL- END ALL- OF MOVIES- DO NOT FORGET IT!The really bizarre thing is that the film remains true to the gospels, but still manages to be pure Hollywood in a way I can\'t fully explain.  In short, I left the theatre feeling NOTHING,  after seeing a man beaten, tortured, and crucified, and that\'s a troubling concept.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A Strangely Empty Experience", "unixReviewTime": 1078963200, "reviewTime": "03 11, 2004"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A143O79A5RFJV7", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "Pablo Nadal Moron", "helpful": [7, 30], "reviewText": "Many people think Mel Gibson is a good actor and a good director, when he just makes people waste their time. I\'ve seen this movie it\'s a real degeneration, the things Mel Gibson has thought for Jesus\' last days shows what\'s in his mind, the way he is. You better not waste your time with this degeneration.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Degenerated", "unixReviewTime": 1127692800, "reviewTime": "09 26, 2005"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A1UAMPHJLZW38V", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "SICK PRAWN \\"IDIOT CRITIC 24/7\\"", "helpful": [7, 17], "reviewText": "A brutal portrayal of the death of Jesus. Very violent and graphic. There was not much to this except someone getting beaten, and beaten, and whipped, and whipped with razor-tipped whips, then beaten and whipped again. Then he musters up the energy to carry a cross and then gets nailed to it.The guy who played Jesus did a fantastic character portrayal. He was in another movie I watched and of course I did not recognize him as the same actor in Passion.My major complaint lies in the fact that most of this movie is based on beatings and torture. Hostel is kindergarten compared to this! Maybe show a bit of what else Jesus did in his life.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Jesus getting his butt royally handed to him for 2 Hours.. That\'s it...", "unixReviewTime": 1240963200, "reviewTime": "04 29, 2009"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A9H30CWSBMG9S", "asin": "0310263662", "reviewerName": "W. ADAM MANDELBAUM", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "Who wouldn\'t want to view a movie in aramaic and latin? Besides that, the guy whoplays the son of God looks more like a guy in the service department of yourlocal Harley Davidson dealership. Anyway, this is the first splatter film aboutJC. S&M; fans will love it. Only thing cool about it is they made Satan look likea near albino cross gender bad guy. Proof once again that Mad Mel won\'t beplanting a tree in Israel anytime soon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Mad Mel Brings the Gore Back to the Gospel", "unixReviewTime": 1332633600, "reviewTime": "03 25, 2012"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A1OBDFCES7TP4F", "asin": "0563412879", "reviewerName": "Cindra D Broenner", "helpful": [0, 1], "reviewText": "I loved it-I had seen this movie many years ago and loved it then&#62; I love Richard Burton-He\'s so deep in this movie-very young and very deep. What a brillant actor he is and became.I gave it five stars because the quality of him overall deserved it.Olvia De Havilland-wow what a brillant star she is. Between the two of them-wow! how different they are-but this movie brought a side we never saw before.Thank you -for the opportunity to share my views.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I loved it-I had seen this movie many years ago and ...", "unixReviewTime": 1404259200, "reviewTime": "07 2, 2014"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A31E4CJ125XR9S", "asin": "0764007440", "reviewerName": "VALENWORTH \\"AL\\"", "helpful": [1, 5], "reviewText": "A brilliantly made film. Photography, score, settings, acting--all perfection. The problem is that within ten minutes, one can easily predict who the killer is.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "predictable \\"surprise ending\\"", "unixReviewTime": 1365033600, "reviewTime": "04 4, 2013"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A18ERV74XFXTM3", "asin": "0767003357", "reviewerName": "Candy \\"yalegirl03\\"", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "I really disliked this version of Jane Eyre, so much so that I found myself skipping parts and pulling the movie out before finishing it. I infinitely prefer the William Hurt adaptation of the novel.First off, the film quality and color of this film were very poor. It was washed out and altogether too bland. Also, the acting was poor in my opinion. Samantha Morton was not very believable as Jane Eyre and the actor who plays Mr. Rochester was altogether unappealing. The two actors had no spark or chemistry to speak of, and the relation of love by Mr. Rochester later in the film is wholly unbelievable and poorly delivered. He ruins one of the best lines in the novel (the one with the bit of string tied to his heart and Jane\'s). Also, although Mr. Rochester is not handsome, this actor was just uglier than I had imagined Mr. Rochester to be. But, that would be of little account if he also did not portray Mr. Rochester as just plain rude. He ordered about Jane in a brutish manner, levied insults, barked out his lines and was very dull. Why Jane would be attracted to him (beyond being lonely and not having the company of any other man) is beyond me. The portryal of Jane was also a dull one and her constant voice overs were really annoying. A film is supposed to show us the story, not tell us the story. There was far too much telling of Jane felt or about her past, and far too little demonstration. I was told Jane loved Mr. Rochester, but from watching the film I found that very hard to believe. Jane also seemed to be rude and disrespectful on purpose, rather than observant and forthright as she is in the novel. She doesn\'t mean to offend, but truthfully answers questions and speaks her mind. The movie would have you think she is just catty. Also, she always looks so annoyed with Mr. Rochester.Overall, I regret buying this film. I wished I put my $5 dollars towards the William Hurt adaptation which more accurately captures the emotion and spirit of the novel, if not all the exact details.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very poor movie. Unbelievable romance, poor quality film.", "unixReviewTime": 1107820800, "reviewTime": "02 8, 2005"}\n',
   '{"reviewerID": "A142ILZSESCSSB", "asin": "0767003357", "reviewerName": "Kate", "helpful": [5, 8], "reviewText": "This out of all the many versions of Jane Eyre has to be my least favorite...Granted Samantha Morton has  a very  adorable fairy/ Elfin like face like Mr Rochesters Description of her, but her acting has  no highs and lows. She stands up to Mr Edwards a little too much giving really snappy answers, seemingly no respect to her employer, which is not fault of  hers, the writing of the script is bad.... and so the direction. Ciaran Hinds  is totally over the top. He is so angry with no understanding, his eyes are  very lustful and at times  crazed.  He is not at all like the character  described in Brontes epic book of a very sad and  tortured man who falls hopelessly in love with the  innocence and singular personality of earnest, honest and yet strong sweet  Jane Eyre that Charlotte Bronte brought so vividly to life with her classic words.The over acting of both during the proposal scene is almost comical.To me there is no love, feeling  or chemistry here between the two actors just lust.... He seems to be going through a middle age crises just eyeing up this young girl, and she though supposedy a virgin...  she dosn\'t act like one.Plus this movie  seems very rushed you can never get a good foot hold of the story Especially during Janes childhood. I do also miss the Gypsy scene that is omitted in many of these movies and was expertly done in the Dalton /Clarke mini series, which brought some brief light heartednes to an otherwise very dark story.If you want to see great versions. I  highly rate the 1944 movie with Orson Wells though it is another abreviatd version, that movie truly captured the spirit and feel. It is moody dark and mysterious. Another is the fantastic Timothy Dalton version which is most accurate to the book of all the movies taking actual lines right from the  Brontes story.  Dalton\'s and Clarkes acting is simply superbly sublime!However if you are like me, see them all and make your own decision. They all have something to offer and most are entertaining...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not my Favorite... but take a look anyway", "unixReviewTime": 1160006400, "reviewTime": "10 5, 2006"}\n'
]