    '{"reviewerID": "A1G69BQLIUMWPN", "asin": "0760135002", "reviewerName": "cassidrm", "helpful": [3, 13], "reviewText": "Whatever it Takes...This movie was not even worth my time in watching it.  I even heard it was so good I bought it and I hate it!  I love teen/romance movies but this one was not one I will ever watch again and struggled to get through the first time!Reading the synopsis will let you know just what the plot of this movie is.  My thoughts skip this one all together.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Worst teen romance flick I have seen....", "unixReviewTime": 1107820800, "reviewTime": "02 8, 2005"}\n',
    '{"reviewerID": "AD6Q8AD5V5OXJ", "asin": "0769721125", "reviewerName": "Michael H. Kaplan", "helpful": [5, 8], "reviewText": "The good: well danced and orchestrated.  The bad: 4:3 aspect ratio. Washed out colors. You can get past the poor colors and aspect ratio but why should you have to.  This performance or a new one cries out for the Blu-Ray treatment.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Cries for Blu-Ray treatment.", "unixReviewTime": 1302480000, "reviewTime": "04 11, 2011"}\n',
    '{"reviewerID": "A1M2KLG6VJ73WI", "asin": "073890015X", "reviewerName": "\\"p-nut_311\\"", "helpful": [2, 6], "reviewText": "Okay, Woodstock is supposed to be about peace love and unity. This video proves &quot;peace love and unity&quot; as &quot;hate gangs and destroying&quot;. They should have had some more positive bands like 311.  I.C.P. should NOT have been there!  They REALLY made me mad when they sang  &quot;F**k The World&quot;. Other than that, the video was okay. They could  have put some better songs from the bands though. Especially from Godsmack,  Lit, and Metallica. Basically, the video was not bad.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "50% good 50% sucked!", "unixReviewTime": 949276800, "reviewTime": "01 31, 2000"}\n',
    '{"reviewerID": "A1PHZX1ZR991D1", "asin": "0769720366", "reviewerName": "Alan S", "helpful": [3, 8], "reviewText": "Hopefully one day soon,  the Met will release the James Levine, I Lombardi featuring June Anderson in her best work, Pavarotti in outstanding form backed up by superb performances of Richard Leech and Samuel Ramey.  If you have heard this CD you will want to see the performance.  The Carreras, Dimitrova La Scala is satisfactory but not when compared to this performance.  June Anderson and Pavarotti at their best.Alan", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Pass on this and wait hopefully for the DVD of Anderson/Pavarotti", "unixReviewTime": 1186790400, "reviewTime": "08 11, 2007"}\n',
    '{"reviewerID": "AJ9SN2IZYS2QJ", "asin": "0769720382", "reviewerName": "Lee Gremillion", "helpful": [15, 17], "reviewText": "If you only want to own one DVD of La Fanciulla, then the La Scala production is clearly the one to buy.  If nothing else, its cinematography is vastly superior to this Covent Garden production, and its sound recording is better, too.  But for those of us who can\'t get too much Puccini, this production makes for an interesting exercise in compare and contrast.The two productions are similar in terms of the stature of the principal singers, the orchestra and chorus (which is very important in La Fanciulla), and the sets and costumes.  This Royal Opera production is, as far as I can tell, the only DVD opera that features Carol Neblett.  It\'s of interest, therefore, if only to see her portray Minnie, one of her signature roles.  Also interesting are some of the decisions the director made in this production.  It is played with very broad gestures -- Silvano Carroli, for example, plays Jack Rance as a swaggering Snidely Whiplash.  He and Neblett wrestle several times as he attempts to impose his affections on her and she resists.  Juan Pons and Mara Zampieri are restrained by comparison at La Scala. Placido Domingo plays Johnson/Ramirez in both productions, so you can see how his interpretation changes over time and in response to the different direction.  He too has toned it down a bit in the later production.Somewhat amusingly, this production is at times politically incorrect, as in Act 1 when it repeatedly has Indians stealing whiskey when the white man turns his back.  And Gwynne Howell turns up as Jake Wallace wearing blackface!  I guess that\'s what you get when you have a British opera company in 1983 interpreting how an Italian composer in 1910 portrayed California in the 1850\'s.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "An Interesting Second La Fanciulla", "unixReviewTime": 1070841600, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2003"}\n',
    '{"reviewerID": "A1C2HRCR4ZFZV0", "asin": "0769720382", "reviewerName": "Spinto \\"thehighc\\"", "helpful": [7, 10], "reviewText": "This production, to me, fails to fire like the metropolitan broadcast with Domingo and Milnes 9 years later.  It seemed as if none of the leads of the leads could match the level of Domingo in a marginally effective staging.As i said Domingo is excellent.  As an actor, no one can touch him.  He looks youthful and sounds wondeful as Dick johnson.  Chella mi Creda is a treasure, I can only wish that the Covent Garden audience would clap for anything.  ( I love going to the opera because of the spontaneous atmosphere, with clapping and bravi ect... I cant stand it when an aria finished and, after a tense silence, the music goes on.  The same is true for the 1975 ballo in Maschera with Domingo.  This is a minor complaint, yet something I cant understand about English opera houses.)Carol Neblett is a poor Minnie.  the role tazes her terribly and she fails to be a convincing actress, due  to her struggle with the role.  My biggest complaint is that her high note climaxes are often at a slighter volume than her low notes.  this does not suggest she has no voice, because she does have a beautiful voice.  Minnie, however, is beyond her instrument.I disagree with the Amazon reviewer who said  Carolli makes a wonderful villain.  His performance is very one dimensional.  He wears an absurd, spotless tuxedo with a mink coat (surrounded by men in filthy rags.)  It is true that Carolli makes an evil Rance, but there is no pathos or pain in the performance.  Milnes makes you feel Rance\'s pain and desperation, his lust and emptyness.  Carolli is just a bully.  his voice is passable, but is smaller than domingo\'s often covered by the orchestra.The rest of the production iis very good, the sets are picturesque ect... But go with the Met production with Domingo, it is much more convincing.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Eh.....", "unixReviewTime": 1098662400, "reviewTime": "10 25, 2004"}\n',
    '{"reviewerID": "A1K548TDR33DMN", "asin": "0769720994", "reviewerName": "Anna Shlimovich", "helpful": [5, 10], "reviewText": "This is again a bizarre mixture of dubious staging and excellent singing.  Obviously, my review will fall in a anti-Sellars rebels camp.Indisputably, with such a cast, the singing is superb.  My perennial favorite is Lorraine Hunt, and her \\"As with rosy steps the morn\\" to me is the pinnacle of this performance.  She has the same aria on a CD with Harry Bicket conducting; it is superb.  Dawn Upshaw is at her nadir, and David Daniels is phenomenal, too.But the staging, the production - why did they place this particular piece in modernity?  It is not justified neither aesthetically nor historically.  If the goal was to portray the sanctity of the Saint, then Ancient Rome gives much more opportunity to depict cruelty and brutality, with the benefit of being historically correct.  They could stage it at Coliseum, with poor Theodora in a cage under the arena, tied up as a wild beast, ready to be presented to the jeering unsympathetic crowd, desiring only \\"bread and circuses\\".  But apparently, Sellars\' imagination stalls and stops with a well-lubricated routine that sells, while a visit to the nearby church of Santo Stefano Rotondo, with its frescoes depicting in the most ghastly detail innumerable sufferings of martyrs would ignite any imagination.  However, I doubt that Sellars took much research into the subject, and why bother?  Art always resorts to the average artistic IQ of the contemporaneous epoch.Moreover, setting the plot in modern USA is wrong even ideologically.  How can it be explained that someone is condemned for her religious beliefs in this country in modernity?  Oh, it is so very bad and wrong; and looked like common nonsense.There are some unpleasant incongruities in this production, as deliberate stripping of the timid Dawn Upshaw, while her physique is not that attractive;  one can compare seductive scenes in Alcina DVD with Catherine Naglestad to get an idea of how such scenes can be successful; here they look rather pathetic and aesthetically awkward.It was stunning for me to see the disturbing similarity between this production and the recent Admeto from Halle, Handel\'s Festival, with this ubiquitous medical theme being thoroughly exploited there as well;  of course, Sellars takes credit for inventing this modern monstrosity, but it is sad that its influence seems to be so pervasive, perhaps due to sordid quasi-innovation of such representation; however, it is, as always, without any respect for the work and how the composer has envisioned it - certainly not like a piece of Puppet Theater with sugary cheap tear-jerking overtones, appealing to the modern audiences by scaling down the high-spirited idea.Regardless of any production, music-wise, it was to me one of the more tedious pieces of the Maestro di Halle;  his operas of adventure, as Rinaldo, Orlando, and 30+ others are so much more entertaining, including musically; of course I realize that this is an oratorio, but then Messiah is so much better.  Perhaps Handel wanted to repeat Messiah success 9 years earlier, in 1741;  but it did not work, it seems from the sheer fact of my own opinion :) and the statistics of the performance of both works.Thinking of Lorrain Hunt and her expressive genius, it was somewhat harrowing to hear and see her sing \\"Lord, in Thee each night and day we pray\\", here in 1996, only a few years before she departed untimely, despite her prayers, just as some extraordinary others, like Mozart, Pergolesi, etc;  yet curiously, Handel himself was awarded in every aspect of earthy delight, it seems, and is forever residing in Westminster Abbey :)Concluding, this is a classic example of a performance that is better to listen to than to watch.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Misfortune of virtue again.", "unixReviewTime": 1273449600, "reviewTime": "05 10, 2010"}\n',
